Ryan Moore - 23

Rye Daddy aka Biggy Rye Rye aka Ryan Moore (not the golfer) is a certified big boy and Lil Jon fanatic. Though his appearance may be deceiving, Ryan Moore is actually an ancient deity who was imprisoned to his current corporeal form out of a fear for his immense power. Legend says that in his true form, his silky sub-bass siren songs are capable of vaporizing bone and wiping the minds of men.
We also hear that he's pretty good at sports.
While chained to his mortal state, he has spent his time in Minnesota and Spain before eventually arriving here at Colby. We're just glad to have him with us and we pray he continues to show mercy.


Milo Lani-Caputo - 23

Milo “Chickadee” Lani-Caputo hails from a small town in middle of nowhere Maine, where he aspired to sing for the bluest acapella group in Kennebec county (his options were slim). He trained day and night playing guitar, beatboxing, and snowboarding (regular footed but we love him anyway). But Milo’s conquest for power didn’t stop at singing Tenor 1. This man began eating the food and drink of the gods themselves (fruit and iced tea, respectively). He absorbed power from the heights of trees through his bare feet. And some say he used chemical engineering (aka dark magic) to imbue his flannels as capacitors for power. But until his world take over, here’s to Mr. Lani-Caputo.


Tony Penate - 24

Thank god we still have Antonio “Tony” Penate. After a terrifying fall he rose to greater heights. He grew to become a songwriter extraordinar as well as a elite poet. As the youngest and only first year in the group, Tony has elevated the Blue Lights with his singing prowess. But even before that, Tony shared his talents with his home, the Windy City, and every group he joined. He was a part of his high schools varsity dance team and has been playing the clarinet for the past 9 years. He is a Minecraft legend and is planning on majoring in Environmental Science. And it may be hard to believe but his legend has only just begun.